the power of dreams cutting-edge
powertrain technology that realizes both
fun to drive and excellent fuel economy
Honda's earth dreams technology now
Honda presents three new Ivy Tech
engines based on earth dreams technology
a 1.3 liter engine that offers top level
fuel economy in its class a 1.5 liter
direct injection engine for high output
and high environmental performance and a
1.5 liter engine that maximizes fuel
economy and dynamic performance by
adopting electromotive technology new
transmissions were also developed for
better powertrain performance a
continuously variable transmission CVT
that is lighter and offers a wider range
of gear ratios an improved manual
transmission that boosts acceleration in
the mid speed range and a compact
lightweight dual clutch transmission
with integrated electric motor
these all new earth dreams technology
engines and transmissions were developed
together with an all-new vehicle
platform while complying with high
safety standards in many countries
around the world this new platform also
provides the flexibility to accommodate
a variety of models with a newly
designed platform Honda combines
attractive styling with the most
spacious interior in its class the new
fit combines energy efficiency with
dynamic performance unlike any other car
in its class Honda's sport hybrid
systems are rooted in earth dreams
technology the new fit hybrid features
an intelligent dual clutch drive I dcd
the highly efficient one motor hybrid ID
CD system offers exhilarating
performance and superior fuel economy
the new fit hybrid is powered by a
highly efficient 1.5 liter atkinson
cycle dohc i-vtec engine which is
coupled with a 7-speed dual-clutch
transmission with an electric motor
integrated directly into the system this
transmission has to dry clutches one
works with odd-numbered gears the other
with even-numbered gears the odd and
even plates work together to not only
provide seamless gear changes without
interrupting power but also fast and
smooth down shifting this configuration
also enables the engine and motor to
drive different gears while in hybrid
drive mode in EV drive mode only the
motor is used to power the vehicle and
also enables the engine to be started by
engaging the clutch
the ID CD system provides efficiency
that rivals even that of a manual
transmission while delivering superior
fuel economy this technology is topped
off by a compact lightweight and high
output intelligent power unit containing
a lithium-ion battery and a control unit
that coordinates the efficient operation
of these devices when power from the
engine isn't needed the dual clutch is
disengaged the engine and the batteries
provide power to the electric motor for
superior fuel efficiency in EV driver
when the driver accelerates the engine
is immediately engaged and enters hybrid
drive mode the engine sound perfectly
matches the quick acceleration resulting
in a fun to drive experience when the
car cruises at the speed of up to 60
km/h the clutch releases the engine to
enter EV drive mode
and once the engines maximum efficiency
range is reached at high cruising speeds
the vehicle automatically switches to
engine driveline when the vehicle
decelerates the clutch releases the
engine regardless of the driving mode in
the electric servo brake system
efficiently converts kinetic energy into
electricity to recharge the battery the
Honda intelligent dual clutch drive
system with one motor dual clutch
transmission is a compact lightweight
high-efficiency hybrid powertrain that
achieves optimal control of the engine
motor and transmission in a wide range
of driving conditions to realize
superior fuel economy and an
exhilarating driving experience
you